---
layout: guides
title: Eden's Promise - Anamorphosis (Savage) | E11S
imagePath: /assets/img/guides/savages/eden/E11S/
slideNumber: 7
---

*Patch: 5.4  
Minimum ilvl: i510  
DPS Requirement: ~106k  
Loot:*
+ *Chest n°1: Edenmorn Legs coffer + Crypt Twine (Armor upgrade)*
+ *Chest n°2: Edenmorn Head/Hand/Foot coffer + Crypt Ester (Weapon Upgrade)*
+ *Token: Book of Litany (8 tokens for Edenmorn Legs or 4 tokens for Armor or Weapon upgrade)*

___
<h1><a id="Abilities Breakdown">Abilities Breakdown</a></h1>

<div class="guideSection" markdown="1">
<h2><a id="ABElemental Abilities">Elemental Abilities</a></h2>

These abilities will perform two attacks, one from the boss followed by a second from the dragon. The first one is based on *Fatebreaker*'s ability name and the second based on the dragon's element he's infused with.

___

+ **<ins>Elemental Break</ins>:**
Cones towards every player, dealing small <span class="phys">physical damage</span> and applying a <span class="debuff">Physical Vulnerability Up</span>.  
Dragon's element:
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: AoE on every DPS that must be shared with another player, dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and applying a <span class="debuff">Magic Vulnerability Up</span> debuff.
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: AoE on every player, dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and applying a <span class="debuff">Magic Vulnerability Up</span> debuff.
	+ <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>: cones AoE towards both Healers and a random Tank that can be shared, dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and applying a <span class="debuff">Magic Vulnerability Up</span> debuff. Will apply a <span class="debuff">Damage Down</span> debuff if not soaked properly.

___

+ **<ins>Burnt Strike</ins>:**
Line AoE going through the arena in the direction he's facing. The width of the attack is the same as his hitbox. Deals <span class="phys">physical damage</span> and applies a <span class="debuff">Damage Down</span> debuff.  
Dragon's element:
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: after the initial hit, a knockback will occur from the middle of the line AoE. Use your knockback immunity or move in after the first attack to not get knocked out from the arena.
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: a second and wider line AoE will happen after the initial hit, this attack is as wide as the inner circle of the arena. Deal <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and apply a <span class="debuff">Damage Down</span> debuff.
	+ <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>: a few seconds after the initial hit, the ground will shine (with an audio cue) and non-telegraphed AoEs will appear under every player, exploding after 3 seconds. Deal <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and apply a <span class="debuff">Damage Down</span> debuff.

___

+ **<ins>Bound of Faith</ins>:**
*Fatebreaker* will tether a non-tank player. The boss will dash toward that person, push him out of his hitbox and put that player into stasis (the player can still perform action while in stasis).  
Dragon's element:
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: the stasis player will get an AoE that must be shared, dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and applying a <span class="debuff">Magic Vulnerability Up</span> debuff.
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: the stasis player will get a huge DoT, Electrocution, lasting 9 seconds. One second later, the stasis will cleave the two closest players dealing huge <span class="magic">magical damage</span> with **Bow Shock**.
	+ <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>: the boss will dash toward the stasis player and perform an AoE around the player in stasis. Any player caught inside will receive the **Mortal Powder Mark** debuff, exploding in a raid-wide AoE after 5 seconds, dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span>.

___

+ **<ins>Cycle of Faith (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>)</ins>:**
The dragon will be imbued with a specific element and the boss will perform: **Elemental Break** then **Burnt Strike** then **Bound of Faith** in a row with that element.
</div>

<div class="guideSection" markdown="1">
<h2><a id="ABGeneral Abilities">General abilities</a></h2>

+ **<ins>Burnished Glory</ins>:**
Raid-wide AoE dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span>.

___

+ **<ins>Powder Mark</ins>:**
Tank buster dealing <span class="magic">magical damage</span> and applying a <span class="debuff">Physical Vulnerability Up</span>. Also apply **Powder Mark**, lasting 24 seconds. When it resolves, it will explode in an AoE around its owner, dealing huge <span class="magic">magical damage</span>.

___

+ **<ins>Turn of The Heavens</ins>:**
8 <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> and <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> ring will appear along the outer part of the arena. Another ring will appear in the middle, a <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> ring for the first cast and a <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> ring for the second cast.  
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> rings will explode in a bigger area. Safe spots are the gaps between <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> rings.  
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> rings will explode in a bigger area. Safe spots are the gaps between <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> rings.

If you're getting damaged by a ring, a <span class="debuff">Damage Down</span> debuff will be applied.

___

+ **<ins>Right of The Heavens</ins>:**
Two <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> and two <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> portals will appear in the arena with random positions.  
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> portal will fire in a wider area. Safe spots are areas not cover by the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> portal beams.  
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> portal will fire in a wider area. Safe spots are areas not cover by the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> portal beams.

If you're getting damaged by a portal, a <span class="debuff">Damage Down</span> debuff will be applied.

___

+ **<ins>Shifting Sky</ins>:**
During the cast, the dragon will be imbued with an element:
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> rings will explode in a bigger area.
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> rings will explode in a bigger area.

Once the cast is finished, the boss will disappear and the dragon will appear in the middle with **Ageless Serpent**, a small knockback that will happen from the middle of the arena. A death zone will also appear under the dragon.  
He will then cast **Resonant Wind**, a donut AoE, where the inner part of the arena is safe. Furthemore, 4 <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> rings will appear on the West side and 4 <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> rings will appear on the East side. These rings' explosion size will depend on the element of **Shifting Sky** and they will resolve at the same time as Resonant Wind.  
Meanwhile, two clones of *Fatebreaker* will show up along the edge. They will perform **Bound of Faith** on two non-tank players. One of them imbued with <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, the second with <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>.

Once all these mechanics are done, two other clones will cast **Burnt Strike** in a succession. <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> first, followed by the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> one.

___

+ **<ins>Sundered Sky</ins>:**
During the cast, the dragon will be imbued with an element:
	+ <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>: the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> AoE will explode in a bigger area.
	+ <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>: the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> AoE will explode in a bigger area.

Once the cast is finished, the boss will disappear and the dragon will appear in the middle with **Ageless Serpent**, a small knockback that will happen from the middle of the arena. A death zone will also appear under the dragon.  
He will then cast **Resounding Crack**, a 270° cone toward a random player. Two <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> portals and two <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> portals will materialize. These beams' size will depend on the element of **Sundered Sky** and they will resolve at the same time as Resonant Wind.
Meanwhile, two clones of *Fatebreaker* will show up along the edge. They will perform **Bound of Faith** on two non-tank players. One of them imbued with <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, the second with <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span> .

Once all these mechanics are done, three other clones with cast **Burnt Strike** in a succession. <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span> first, followed by <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> and <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> last.

___

+ **<ins>Prismatic Deception</ins>:**
The arena will become foggy and 8 Images of the *Fatebreaker* will spawn along the edge on the cardinals and inter-cardinals. Three of them will have their blade up, getting ready to cast Blasting Zone, a line AoE going through the arena. These images' attack will leave two safe spots, opposite of each other, to dodge the attack.  
Will be repeated a second time.
</div>
___
<h1><a id="Strategy">Strategy</a></h1>

<div class="guideSection" markdown="1">
<a id="SPhase 1"></a>
*Fatebreaker* will open the fight with **Elemental Break** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) so spread along the boss then stack if it's <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or let the melees in and the ranged will move slightly outside if it's <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>.  
For <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>, ranged can already stay afar from the boss so they don't have to move for the second part of the attack.

**Burnt Strike** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) is next, move to his sides to avoid the first attack then either move in or use your knockback immunity for the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> aspect or stay out of the inner circle for the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> aspect.

Finally, **Bound of Faith** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) is bound (KEKW) to happen. If it's <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, the marked player will share with the rest of the group South, behind the boss. 
If <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> happens, the marker player will move North next to the tanks. The tanks will then mitigate and move to his sides to avoid clipping anyone with the **Bow Shock** attack. Therefore the rest of the group should be South to avoid being clipped.

Followed by **Burnished Glory** and **Powder Mark** afterward. Swap tank during **Powder Mark** cast. You can use a tank invulnerability on either the **Powder Mark** initial attack or on the <span class="speDebuff">Powder Mark</span> debuff (former recommended).

*Fatebreaker* will cast **Turn of The Heavens** (always <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> here), the main tank has to move along with the rest of the group and stack between two <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> AoEs. The tank with <span class="speDebuff">Powder Mark</span> debuff, will be alone between two <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> AoEs in order to not clip everyone when the debuff will resolve  
If the tank with the Powder Mark debuff is a <ins>Gunbreaker</ins> or a <ins>Paladin</ins>, he can use his invulnerability and stay in the middle of the arena to keep full uptime. He will not get the Damage down debuff from the rings explosion since he will take "0" damage.

{% assign slideCounter = 0 %}
{% include slideshow.html imgLink="P1TurnOfTheHeavensFire1Invuln.jpg;P1TurnOfTheHeavensFire2Invuln.jpg;P1TurnOfTheHeavensFire1.jpg;P1TurnOfTheHeavensFire2.jpg" imgDesc="Move the boss to allow melee positionals;The tank explode mid with his invulnerability;Alternative: Move the boss to allow melee positionals;Alternative: The tank explode away from anyone" slideNumber=slideCounter %}

Then the boss will cast **Burnt Strike** (<span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>), **Bound of Faith** (<span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>) and **Elemental Break** (<span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>) in a row. He will use the elements that he hasn't used earlier (ie. if he used <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> **Elemental Break** in the first mechanic, he will now do the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> one).

Next is the transition: **Shifting Sky** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>).  
Once *Fatebreaker* disappears and the knockback happens, the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>/<span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> rings appear. Move to the side with the rings of the opposite color that the dragon was imbued with.  
The player tethered to the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> clone will move North-ish with the tank while the rest of the group will stack South with the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> tethered player.  
(Tanks have one/two seconds to adjust their positions once the rings exploded)

Once everything is done, two other clones will appear along the edge and cast **Burnt Strike** (<span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> <ins>THEN</ins> <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>). Avoid the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> one then the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> one. Try to keep your knockback immunity for uptime since the boss isn't present.

**Shifting Sky** with <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> aspect:
{% assign slideCounter = slideCounter | plus: 1 %}

{% include slideshow.html imgLink="shiftingSkyThunder1.jpg;shiftingSkyThunder2.jpg;shiftingSkyThunder3.jpg;shiftingSkyThunder4.jpg;shiftingSkyThunder5.jpg" imgDesc="Tethers move to their positions;<strong>Resonant Wind</strong> and the rings resolve;Tanks take <strong>Bow Shock</strong> while the rest stack;Get out of <strong>Thunder Elemental Strike</strong>;Avoid <strong>Fire Elemental Strike</strong>, go mid or use your knockback immunity" slideNumber=slideCounter %}
</div>

<div class="guideSection" markdown="1">
<a id="SPhase 2"></a>
The second phase starts with **Elemental Break** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) followed by a **Burnished Glory**.

Then the <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span> element will come into play with **Elemental Break** (<span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>). Spread around the boss for the initial cleaves. Then the tanks will stack together and both Healers will stack with their respecting DPS to share the second set of cleaves.

**Burnt Strike** (<span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>) is coming next. Move to *Fatebreaker*'s sides to avoid the first attack and stay until he shoots at the ground. Once the ground shines and the audio cue happens, you can move to his front back to avoid the baited AoEs.

Finally, **Bound of Faith** (<span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>) will happen. The player targeted will move to the front of the boss (inside or on his hitbox) while everyone else will regroup behind to avoid being clipped. That player will receive the <span class="speDebuff">Mortal Powder Mark</span> debuff.

The __Mortal Powder Mark__ will resolve just before the next **Burnished Glory** so heal accordingly.
**Powder Mark** will be casted, initiating another tank swap. You can keep your invulnerability for the <span class="speDebuff">Powder Mark</span> debuff that will explode during the next mechanic.

*Fatebreaker* will cast **Right of The Heavens** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>). Everyone will move to the side with the portals of the opposite element the dragon is imbued with. The group will stack middle in the safe spot while the tank with the __Powder Mark__ debuff should stand in one of the two safe spots along the edge.
If the tank with the __Powder Mark__ debuff is a <ins>Gunbreaker</ins> or a <ins>Paladin</ins>, he can use his invulnerability and stay in the middle of the arena to keep full uptime.

**Right of The Heaven** with <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> aspect:
{% assign slideCounter = slideCounter | plus: 1 %}

{% include slideshow.html imgLink="rightOfTheHeavensFire1Invuln.jpg;rightOfTheHeavensFire2Invuln.jpg;rightOfTheHeavensFire1.jpg;rightOfTheHeavensFire2.jpg" imgDesc="The group moves to the safe spot while the tank with <em>Powder Mark</em> is behind the boss;Boom;Alternative: The Tank with <em>Powder Mark</em> move to a safe spot along the edge;Alternative: Voilà" slideNumber=slideCounter %}

Then *Fatebreaker* will cast **Burnt Strike** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>), **Bound of Faith** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>) and **Elemental Break** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>) in a row. Each attack will have a random element, independent of each other.

Closing this phase is the second transition, **Sundered Sky** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>).  
Once the cast is done, everyone must stack between the two portals the dragon was imbued with. Get knockback along that axis to bait Resounding Crack, the 270° cleave.  
Pop sprint to run to the opposite side, don't forget to avoid the puddle in the middle.  
Everyone will then stack in the safe spot mid-ish along with the player with the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> tether. While the player with the <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span> tether will go one of the two safe spots along the edge, the closest one.  
Afterward, three clones on the edge will be casting **Burnt Strike** (<span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span> THEN <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> THEN <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>). Remember to bait the AoEs from <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span> before avoiding the <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> and the <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> ones.

**Sundered Sky** with <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> aspect:
{% assign slideCounter = slideCounter | plus: 1 %}

{% include slideshow.html imgLink="sunderedSkyFire1.jpg;sunderedSkyFire2.jpg;sunderedSkyFire3.jpg;sunderedSkyFire4.jpg;sunderedSkyFire5.jpg;sunderedSkyFire6.jpg;sunderedSkyFire7.jpg;sunderedSkyFire8.jpg;sunderedSkyFire9.jpg" imgDesc="Move between the portals of the same element as the cast;Get pushed back by the dragon;Move behind the dragon, the <strong>Holy</strong> tether along the edge;Did a Red Mage use LB3?;Both <strong>Bounds of Faith</strong> and <strong>Resounding Crack</strong> resolve;Stack on the inner circle until <em>Mortal Powder Mark</em> resolves;Move to the edge to avoid <strong>Holy</strong> <strong>Burnt Strike</strong>;Avoid the baited AoEs and <strong>Thunder Burnt Strike</strong>;Avoid <strong>Fire Elemental Strike</strong>, go mid or use your knockback immunity" slideNumber=slideCounter %}
</div>

<div class="guideSection" markdown="1">
<a id="SPhase 3"></a>

This phase opens with **Elemental Break** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span> or <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>) and a **Burnished Glory** afterward.

*Fatebreaker* will cast **Turn of The Heavens** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) and after a few seconds, he will also cast **Elemental Break** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) so that the rings will explode at the same time as the cleaves from **Elemental Break** happen.  
Everyone will move to their assigned position, based on **Turn of The Heavens** element, in order to not clip anyone.  
Once the rings and the cleaves resolve, either spread or stack in pairs for the second part of **Elemental Break**.

If **Turn of The Heavens** is imbued with <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>, use the following positions:
{% assign slideCounter = slideCounter | plus: 1 %}

{% include slideshow.html imgLink="P3turnOfTheHeavenThunder1.jpg;P3turnOfTheHeavenThunder2.jpg" imgDesc="Go behind your assigned <strong>Fire</strong> ring;Stack or let the melees move in for <strong>Thunder Elemental Break</strong>" slideNumber=slideCounter %}

If **Turn of The Heavens** is imbued with <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span>, use the following positions:
{% assign slideCounter = slideCounter | plus: 1 %}

{% include slideshow.html imgLink="P3turnOfTheHeavensFire1.jpg;P3turnOfTheHeavensFire2.jpg" imgDesc="Stay between the <strong>Thunder</strong> rings and close to the middle one;Stack or let the ranged move back for <strong>Fire Elemental Break</strong>" slideNumber=slideCounter %}

Last **Powder Mark** of the fight, initiating a tank swap. You can keep your invulnerability for the <span class="speDebuff">Powder Mark</span> debuff that will explode during the next mechanic.

*Fatebreaker* will link up with **Right of The Heavens** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color: dodgerblue"><strong>Thunder</strong></span>) into **Bound of Faith** (<span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> or <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>).  
Everyone will move to the side with the portals of the opposite element the dragon is imbued with.  
The player tether by **Bound of Faith** will either stay with the group if <span style="color:firebrick"><strong>Fire</strong></span> is used, or will move to an available safe spot on the edge for <span style="color:goldenrod"><strong>Holy</strong></span>. The tank with __Powder Mark__ can use his invulnerability and stay on the dangerous side since the boss won't move or move the last safe spot along the edge to explode safetly.  


*Fatebreaker* will cast **Prismatic Deception**. Once he becomes untargetable, everyone must spread to their positions.  
If a player got an Image with its blade up, that player will move toward the middle of the arena telling that his position is unsafe. The player on the opposite side will also move to the middle since it's not safe.  
The two players who didn't move are on the safe spots, so the rest of the group have to move toward them.  
Repeat this a second time to conclude this phase.
{% assign slideCounter = slideCounter | plus: 1 %}

{% include slideshow.html imgLink="prismatic1.jpg;prismatic2.jpg;prismatic3.jpg;prismatic4.jpg;prismatic5.jpg" imgDesc="Spread to your assigned spot;Move forward if your clone's sword is lifted;Move in if the teammate in front of you has moved;Stack with the players who haven't moved;The mechanic will repeat a second time" slideNumber=slideCounter %}
</div>

<div class="guideSection" markdown="1">
<a id="SPhase 4"></a>

*Fatebreaker* will start with **Burnished Glory** before performing **Cycle of Faith** imbued with one of the three elements.

Another **Burnished Glory** followed by **Cycle of Faith** with one of the elements that hasn't been used previously.

Again, **Burnished Glory**, linked up with the last **Cycle of Faith** with the non-used element that remains.

*You need to practice each **Cycle of Faith** to find a smooth way to handle them.*

Finally, *Fatebreaker* will use **Burnished Glory**. Soon followed by the last **Burnished Glory**, the enrage.
</div>